Classes and Objects

A class is a user-defined type that describes what a certain type of object will look like. A class description consists of a declaration and a definition. Usually these pieces are split into separate files.
An object is a single instance of a class. You can create many objects from the same class type.




SDLC
Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) is a process used by the software industry to design, develop and test high quality softwares. 
The SDLC aims to produce a high-quality software that meets or exceeds customer expectations, reaches completion within times and cost estimates




Planning. 
Define Requirements. 
Design and Prototyping. 
Software Development. 
Testing. 
Deployment. 
Operations and Maintenance.        




DELETE AND TRUNCATE
DELETE is a DML(Data Manipulation Language) command and is used when we specify the row(tuple) that we want to remove or delete from the table or relation.
TRUNCATE is a DDL(Data Definition Language) command and is used to delete all the rows or tuples from a table.




Super Key – A super key is a group of single or multiple keys which identifies rows in a table.
Primary Key – is a column or group of columns in a table that uniquely identify every row in that table.
Candidate Key – is a set of attributes that uniquely identify tuples in a table. Candidate Key is a super key with no repeated attributes.




The time complexity of MergeSort is O(n*Log n) in all the 3 cases (worst, average and best)



DDL:
DDL is Data Definition Language which is used to define data structures. For example: create table, alter table are instructions in SQL.
DML:
DML is Data Manipulation Language which is used to manipulate data itself. For example: insert, update, delete are instructions in SQL.



ACID Properties in DBMS
A – Atomicity.
C – Consistency.
I – Isolation.
D – Durability.



JVM (Java Virtual Machine) is an abstract machine. It is a specification that provides runtime environment in which java bytecode can be executed.




Hashing is a technique or process of mapping keys, and values into the hash table by using a hash function. It is done for faster access to elements






